Update android-flavors.md (#1317)
home-assistant/companion.home-assistant: docs/core/android-flavors.md

id: 'android-flavors'
---

> The ![Android](/assets/android.svg) The Android app is being offered in 2 different flavors: 'full' and 'minimal'. The `full` flavor of the app is offered via the [Play Store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=io.homeassistant.companion.android) and has the full set of features offered as it requires Google Play Services. The `full` flavor is offered for both production and [beta releases](https://play.google.com/apps/testing/io.homeassistant.companion.android).

Reviewer: Thanks for the suggestion. However, your text is repeating 'The' and the usage of backticks is intentional (and repeated later on this page and others) to make it obvious as a technical code/untranslatable term.

```suggestion
The ![Android](/assets/android.svg) Android app is being offered in 2 different flavors: `full` and `minimal`.

The `full` flavor of the app is offered via the [Play Store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=io.homeassistant.companion.android) and has the full set of features offered as it requires Google Play Services. The `full` flavor is offered for both production and [beta releases](https://play.google.com/apps/testing/io.homeassistant.companion.android).
```
